docs(offline-mode): Add offline mode docs for python and java (#3622)
Flagsmith/flagsmith: docs/docs/clients/server-side.md

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Using an Offline Handler

:::info

> Offline handlers are still in active development for some SDKs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Offline handlers are still in active development. We are building them for all our SDK's; those that are production ready are listed below. 
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Offline Mode

:::info

> Offline mode is still in active development for some SDKs.

Reviewer: Do we have a list somewhere to link to?
